Fix docs links for integrations (#15702)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/3.0/deploy/infrastructure-concepts/prefect-yaml.mdx

Once you confirm that these fields are set to their desired values, this step automatically builds a Docker image with 
the provided name and tag and pushes it to the repository referenced by the image name.  
This step produces optional fields for future steps, or within `prefect.yaml` as template values.

> We recommend using the dynamic`{{ image }}` within `prefect.yaml` (specifically in the work pool's job variables section). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend using a templated `{{ image }}` within `prefect.yaml` (specifically in the work pool's `job_variables` section). 
```
